Use toned milk and, instead of curd, use curd water mixed with black salt and carom seeds.

Intense pain in the stomach.

Investment in agriculture is encouraged through new systems like dry farming, increased production with less water, and drip irrigation.

The distance of Jawlaukh temple from Dhlrahkata is 56 km.

Kedarnath was only 3 miles away from her.

Treatment of deafness, in which there is a greater chance of deafness being reflected because of the above-mentioned persons.

Bangalore, which is only 25 kilometers from the Bannerghatta National Park, is the airport and railhead for reaching the park.

Dharmavaram has remained under many rulers.

For example, on one hand, a person is working with great pace and enthusiasm, but inside his view toward life might be negative.

Taxi, autorickshaw, and jeep are readily available mediums for touring Jaisalmer.

Do not use it by yourself at night.

Many stores are famous on the topic of the religious importance of this lake.

In this way, instead of bringing the scum of the ears out, we push it towards the inside, which could harm the eardrum.

Boats from Pak Meng Pier take visitors to Ko Ngai and other islands close by.

Dhungel said that to boost eco-tourism, the forest and tourism departments are running integrated programs.

The important location of Delhi has made it the center of power for one thousand years.

On the other hand, there is no relationship seen between Swang and science.

We will have to bring the movements in favor of organic farming, which are running in different villages of Meerut, to the whole country.

For this, it is especially important to pay attention towards the neighborhood.

Bleaching agents end the root cause of disease.

The stem of this plant is fragrant and lovely, and the smell of clove is clearly experienced in it.

With the development of Alpine skiing, changes were brought into the Nordic scheme of skiing, so that skiers run long distances and in the slopes of the mountains and can cross glaciers and mountainous regions without obstacles.

If he spends all the money to make just an artistic program, then broadcasting work will not run properly.

In some portions of the fort, there are a few administrative buildings.

The meaning of arthritis is 'swelling of the joints,' and more than 100 different types of swelling of joints have been put under the category of arthritis.

In sum and summation, its unique fusion of tradition and modernity surprises tourists immensely.

The harvesting of maize in temperate sections is done in a completely different way as compared to the managed plain sections.

Obtain only the services of registered mules, horses, and palanquins, and during obtaining their services, keep their token near you.

Which in a flight of one hour makes you see eight mountain ranges - Annapurna, Kanchanjunga, Lhotse, Makalu, Cho Oyu, Dhaulagiri, Manaslu mountain ranges.

By the end of September, the rainy season reaches its last phase.

If there are blisters, injuries, and a burning sensation inside the uterus, then one should give vaginal irrigation of cold water of neem leaf.

One of the biggest parks of Delhi, this park of DDA is around three km long.

Batara Koop Sthan is a very small place which is located at some distance from this city.

One of the best restaurants in the city, Khyber, serves finger-licking good Indian cuisine.

In the socialist countries, such public support achieved and recorded their influence.

For use in colors, this oil is said to be better than linseed oil.

Often, even in a condition of rest, hands and feet remain in a state of tremors, whereas while working and on application of pressure these tremors decrease.

At the end, the seeds have to be strained and dried in the shade for almost 2 hours.

Undoubtedly, it is the responsibility of the government to keep an eye on this, but its role as a manager now is not satisfying.

Chamba is only 43 kilometers from Jammu.

According to legend, the statue of the main deity was set up by the saint Adi Shankaracharya in the 8th century.

The Veerbhadra temple inside this fort was destroyed by the British, and an Anglican church was built in its place.

On the bright side of this hill full of large rocks, there is a small temple of Goddess Parvati, and in this temple, a Shivalinga is also established.

This indeed directly converts several small farmers into heroes of social development.

There is 1/2 mile tough ascent from Gulabkoti Chatti, 1/2 mile descent, later easy ascent-descent.

Heart patients should use less salt, chili, and fried food, or if possible, should not use it at all.

We get to read instances of repairs of this temple done by all five Pandavas.

When should you go to the doctor immediately?

But the disease of some children even starts reducing gradually.

It was Sullivan who revolutionized agricultural practices in these mountains, thereby changing the face of the local economy.

The temple of Bhidrakala is in one part of the fort of Bhadra, worth visiting from an architectural point of view.

The court had converted the six-year imprisonment sentence which was announced by the special TADA court into a one-year imprisonment sentence this year in March.

There must have been a kingdom of Katyuri kings in the north of Brahampur of this Govishaan.

It depends on the rapidity of cancer whether the cancerous glands should be cut and removed or not.

The new hard line adopted by the government was confirmed in May 2002, when the right-winger Alvaro Uribe, who favored all-out war against the left-wing guerrillas, won a comfortable victory in the presidential election.

For the Jains, the importance of Madhuban is inexpressible, because among some Tirthankaras, nineteen Tirthankaras got salvation here.

Sooner or later, all people from any age group, sex, and the elderly suffer from fever.

This park is made in the middle of a deep forest on Patna-Ranchi road, 22 km north of Hazaribagh, in an area of 186.25 sq km.

Under the new policy, the fertilizer-producing companies can get up to 30% on account of subsidy.

To see the mysterious Roopkund Lake is a dream of every trekker, and the journey will give a challenge to his courage.

Valapattanam is the most ancient industrial place in the wood industry in the whole of Asia.

35 kms from Bangalore, at Hesaraghatta, is the famous Nritya Gram, a center for dance that imparts extensive training in seven dance disciplines and two martial art forms to residential students.

When going trekking, one has to walk with a bag on the back with all your luggage put in.

In most women, no clear causes of menorrhagia are visible.

Here you will find a confluence of both Yoga and science.

They are considered to be the fundamental crops of dry regions, marginal lands, and regions affected by famine.

Due to this, the needs of the villagers used to be fulfilled at a low cost.

Besides 150 types of birds in Sepahijola Aquatic Wildlife Sanctuary, one also gets to see a special type of monkeys.

Wular Lake is considered to be the largest lake of fresh water in Asia.

During the festival time, the Stone Forest is alive with a particularly joyful, festive atmosphere, making the area even more attractive than usual. However, the Stone Forest - with its sculptures engraved by nature herself - is always a true miracle for visitors to behold.

The story of Laila Majnu that has become the symbol of failed love was staged on the first day of the festival.

The quantity of salt in four pints of water should be a maximum of two tolas and a minimum of one tola.

The discerning listeners speak out Bismillah Khan as they listen to him.

Except for creepers and a few other vegetables, most vegetables are available during winter.

The development of Bhilai city started only in 1959 after the construction of the steel plant.

Stand by keeping your face towards the wall.

There is relief in two to three weeks by drinking fifty grams of orange sun-heated water thrice a day, mixing eight to ten particles of candy in it.

It was in Hastinapur that twelve Kalyanaks of Shree Shantinath Prabhu, Kunthanath Prabhu, and Shri Arahanath Prabhu occurred.

Generally, the flowering of vanilla begins after the third year of plantation, and the produce is maximum in the 7th and 8th years of sowing.

Basil is commonly used in gardens.

In the lakes of Ulsoor, one can rest to obliviate stress.

Long Lake is a karst lake that is three kilometers (two miles) long but only 300 meters (zero point two miles) wide.

This dried up the crop lands, showing the temptation of money to the farmers who want to involve themselves in the cultivation of eucalyptus, moving from the cultivation of grains; eventually, it will come into the use of Indian-foreigner industrialists.

Many married native brides and took them to their own countries, while many foreign girls married local boys.

There is a need for encouragement in fields like food preservation and greenhouse production.

Mount Harriet National Park was established in the Andaman district in the year 1979 in an area of 0.46 square kilometers.

These dialogues help in moving the story ahead, expressing the mental state of the characters, picturing the event or situation, creating emotion, etc.

You can see the inscription of the aims of Emperor Ashoka while going to 'Girnar'.

Many hill people have made houses for shops, and many people come from Srinagar, etc., from far away villages, and make shops in rented houses.

ASRS is dangerous due to infection.

The Old Town is the only old city built without a city wall, and there is an interesting story telling the reason. Lijiang had been under the reign of the hereditary Mu family for more than 500 years.

Newly blind people become anxious on slight problems, and in anxiety fail to even go for little approximation.

Pregnant women, children, patients, and the aged should eat an apple per day.

In the film Padosan, playing the role of the Indian music teacher, he made the history of Indian musical comedy.

Similarly, if the blood loss begins because of a lump in the cavity of the uterus or because of the swelling of the endometrium and it is not detected by other clinical tests, then it can be diagnosed successfully by 'hysteroscopy'.

What is the number of rich farmers in different states?

Not only will a brightness emerge in our complexion, but our skin will also get disease-free.

When colorful flowers bloom in the valley, then an intoxicating fragrance spreads in all four directions.

Three palaces are there in the complex of Orchha.

In the splendid background of the Pallava rock art, under the open sky, most of the classical and folk dances of the nation can be seen here.

The leaves of the diseased plant first rot, becoming yellow, and then start falling.

The special mixture of naltrexone is made to reach 3-4 meters beneath the skin by making an incision of 1 cm in the lower part of the stomach or behind the arm.

In the same way, the area coming under marginal cultivation (less than 1 hectare of cultivation) from 11.4% in 1985-86 increased to become 15% in 1990-91.

The cavity of the uterus develops two parts, because of which the child is not able to remain in the uterus for the whole time, resulting in abortion.

The tourism industry, considered to be the main base of the economy of Rajasthan, is going through a bad phase nowadays.

Elephant Trunk Hill is supposed to be the landmark of Guilin landscape, which you can find on travel brochures or books.

Sleeping pills like - diazepam, nitrazepam, alprazolam (Alpraz) etc.

Experts of Pancham used to be owners of the earth, and lots of brave fighters kept walking on their will.

If its quantity gets increased in the body, then ill effects like blockage in the arteries, and a reduction in the work capacity of blood vessels have to be faced.

For this, St. Barth is the ideal place.

One can tour the visiting places through trains, trams, metro train, private public buses, mini buses, taxis, and luxury taxis here.

You will be surprised that the people of Munich come out to play cricket on the 5th of August.

Nature's oil painting - this special place of North America, despite being a valley of rocks, looks like nature's oil painting.

If attention is given to hygiene in food habits and lifestyle, then gastroenteritis can be prevented to a great extent.

Give one to two tablets of Margine daily.

In cinema, we spend money for entry and then watch the movie.

Narayan Moreshwar was born in a Brahmin family in 1898 in Tas village of Satara district in Maharashtra.

Walk with your dog, walk barefoot, meaning do all that by which good work of your body parts is done.

Many more things can be done in Lachung besides going to Yumthang.

The shade should be removed for some time so that the creepers get ample sunlight.

If agriculture is not reformed, then it will pose a big hindrance in the way of industrial development, because industries are dependent on farming and labor for raw materials.

Berlin is a big hub of not just the tourists, but also art lovers, fashion professionals, and all persons loving music and design.

Carbo veg 3x, 30: You feel the pressure of gas below the muscles of the chest.

Therefore, now it is recommended by both WHO and UNICEF that besides giving its first dose at 9 months, the administration of a second vaccine is also very necessary to protect these children from measles.

If you are going by train, then you will have to take another train from Kalka.

The slope of hard snow can be climbed by wearing crampons.

Earlier we mentioned 12 cranial nerves, out of which 7 had their origin from medulla.

It is located in the lee of a rock, and that too, in a wooded part of one of the most favored Honeymoon Destinations in India, perfect for a honeymoon in Goa.

Again, by mixing 9 or 99 drops of spirit in one drop of the first potency, the second potency is prepared.

It is the saying of the well-known agriculture scientist Dr. MS Swaminathan that in the proposed food security bill, the government has ignored the farmers and local corporate bodies completely.

For those who love sailing, yachting, and windsurfing, there are facilities in Goa as well as at Kovalam beach in Kerala.

The formation of tiny holes in nails and their thickening or falling is observed in this disease.

Inspired by the Taj Mahal, it was built as the final resting place of Begum Rabia Daurani.

The best time to sow black cumin is from mid-October to the end of October.

The Andaman Water Sports Complex, famous for motorboat, paddle boat, water scooter, windsurfing, sailing, and water skiing, and the Mahatma Gandhi Marine Park are the best spots for scuba diving and snorkeling.

During the excavation of Vaishali, it came to note that it has had an impressive history.

Bihar got the first prize for its fabulous achievement in the yield and production of paddy.

Cry therapy. We might have heard a lot about laughter therapy and might have also seen 'laughter clubs' in many places, but the way laughter therapy causes benefits to us, crying therapy also causes us benefits in the same way.

The initial 12 years of age are extremely important.

West of the courtyard is the White Palace. As the winter palace of the Dalai Lamas, the White Palace is a double-four building originally built in 1645.

When the wet weather of the rains is about to go, light winter is in preparation to come.

A thermal power house was established in 1953 by the Damodar Valley Corporation in West Bokaro.

Exercising or eating just before sleeping, reading, or watching thrillers that absorb energy keeps us awake.

Do not take selenium in large quantities; otherwise, poisoning may occur.

It is now 20 years since the walls of both cities broke - grapple branches to be mixed and tied again in the same city.

The arrival of people towards Gangotri began since 3-4 November.

Plantation happens in agriculture farms, that is why its area is large as compared to normal holdings.

But Prabhash Joshi may be considered an unsuccessful editor even because he lacked the political understanding to fight the dangers over journalism in the coming future.

Bahugunaji counseled that the meaning of such happenings is pneumonia, and there are three symptoms to recognize it: stopping food and drinks, fast breathing, and rib movement.

Sacchidanand Sinha and Kisan Patnaik have given it the name of 'Internal Colony'.

Its slanting roof was later changed to flat.

Serohi National Park was established in an area of 200 square kilometers in the Aizawl district in 1991.

For how long has this disease and problem been there?

Cave number two is 2.4 meters long and 1.86 meters wide.

He used to call Netarhat one of the few beautiful places in the world.

Xerophthalmia occurs due to the error in the transmission of the absorbed retinol to the right place in the body and the fast depletion of the accumulated Vitamin in the body.

It is interesting that even in the narrow bazaars of Manikaran, hot water is supplied, for which a pipeline has been laid out systematically.

The poetic conscience of Dinkar is the communicator of colonial slavery, social disparity, and people's awareness.

The construction started in 1902 and was completed in 1932; it is built in the Indo-Greek style and encompasses 38 acres of land.

Teeth have four levels - bone, membrane, ligaments before the teeth, and stem cells.

Gauri Udiyar, this sacred site is one place that you must visit during your temple tours to Uttaranchal in North India.

Jaigarh Fort comes under the hill fort category and is rectangular in its structure.

Itching (Itch, Scabies) - It is a kind of skin disease and occurs with a special kind of germ.

In comparison to people of other Asian countries, the effect of CAD is 2 percent among Indians, and in people of less than forty years, its effect is five to ten times more.

The final result is shown on a disk of a TV screen.

The Bodhi tree is the descendant of a pure tree under which Prince Siddhartha had achieved enlightenment by penance.

Currently, the main attractions of the temple are the robots who enact and preach the Gita.

Tribals from all nooks and corners of the Bastar region come to participate in the merry-making festival of Dussehra.

Road Way - Nemighat 12 km, Dumri 22 km, Giridih 53 km, Patna 282 km, Vaishali 324 km, Ranchi 170 km.

In Durban during the times of whites, there were separate settlements for whites, blacks, and Indians.

In about 21 days, I had become completely healthy.

When bile in the bile vessels gets infected, then there is production of fever after one day.

Apart from this, it is also grown in Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Burma, Thailand, and many other countries of Southeast Asia.

With the help of all these assisting instruments seated for education, the blind person can read new and every type of subject.

By doing this, not only is the mind focused on work, but it also stays satisfied that we have done something, and we also become successful in refining and extracting many hidden gifts.

Normal or special USGs save the patients many times from the difficulties of surgery.

In dry cough, pain arises in the chest of the patient because of coughing.

The economy of India is based on farming, and approximately 12 crore village families are dependent on that.

It has been proven from a research study held recently that those afflicted with coronary artery disease who have meditated for five years have a reduced possibility of a heart attack and stroke by more than 40 percent.

Generally, such a gathering was organized at Ganikalay, Sabhamandap, and rich citizens' places.

They realized that people are trying to see the reality of the villages and towns.

But after this, the hunger that happens in our heart, that is to see the ancient large houses, palaces, the residents of that place, and their temples and housing constructed in the ancient style there.

The birth of a child is now not her compulsion; it is her own decision.

When we ignore the rules of God and life, overlook them, then the disease is unnatural.

Sahir Ludhianvi was a famous poet and lyricist.

H2 blockers reduce the quantity of acid in the abdomen by stopping the reproduction of histamine, which is responsible for secreting acid in the abdomen.

In that, 102 males and 105 females from the subject experts of the center got the information on the contemporary subjects like management after harvesting of crops, micro-irrigation techniques, the method to make and use compost, food grain storage, the modern processes of pulse production, the modern processes of ginger and turmeric, the scientific methods of fresh milk production, poultry farming behind the house, etc.

A person afflicted with Parkinson's trembles very small.

This time in the Trade Fair, the partner state is Delhi, while Uttarakhand has been declared as the focus state, and Thailand will be the partner country, and China is the focus country this time.

For farm products, there is a necessity for land, labor, capital, and managers.

Lebang race course is the smallest and the highest race course in the world.

Its form was like a developed wilderness; therefore, it is also known by the name of 'Wilderness of Raotalau'.

Special preparations for the new year are being done in the hotels of Padmachi.

Oyster Opera has a clean atmosphere and excellent residential facilities.

They sometimes go and meet the illiterate but computer-expert women by going to the Tilonia village of Rajasthan.

Clothes are not attained by pure honey.

For comprehensive planning of land use, it is essential to use a separate factor deduced from the major factors of the environment.

Once the private game reserve of the Mysore maharaja, these large shoals or forests (874 sq km) south of the river Kabini are now part of the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve and one of the WWF's (World Wide Fund for Nature) Project Tiger sites.

The industrial revolution was not only deeply related to the agricultural land revolution, but it was dependent on that.

The light will fall on the neck of the womb, with which the swelling of the womb's neck, wounds, cancer, etc., could be examined well.

Delree, the most important of the Chinese artists, systematically documented landscapes, people, and rural and urban customs.

Maharaja's private ministerial cabin and Sabha Bhavan, 'Khilvat Nivas,' are very small in size than Sujan Nivas.

Just as complex is Peru's topography: divided into the three main geographical zones of Costa (coast), Sierra (mountains), and Selva (rainforest).

Because of the deformity of arunshika, the head may also become bald with hair fall.

Many times blood also starts flowing heavily; the reason for the occurrence of both these complications together is soreness in genitals.

With cricketing memorabilia strewn all over the place, The Kaptain's Retreat will be of special interest to those who love the game and will have the chance to sleep in rooms named after Kapil Dev's individual cricketing achievements such as 432 (his test wickets) and Four Sixes (the reason for his, you should ask English cricketer Eddie Hemmings).

Dadra and Nagar Haveli, with its sprawling greens, serene water bodies, unfrequented tree-lined streets, unyielding forts, and mesmerizing havelis, this tiny dot on the map is cocooned in its own obscure charm.

On the coming of Diwali, women get busy with items for the decoration of houses and engage in the sanitation of the house 15 days ago.

In the case of the margin output curve (from A to G point) being above the average output curve, the average output curve keeps growing upwards.

Due to this, harmful insects, nematodes, and microbes, etc., are destroyed.

Those who get an attack of wheezing or allergy should immediately use medicine. If they themselves do not succeed in arrangements, then without losing time, they should be sent to a good hospital or doctor.

We saw elder tourists here enjoying comfortably neck-deep in the water for long periods.

Likewise, it can be grown in 5 to 5.5 pH soil also.

Blepharoplasty is a surgery done to give a new shape to the upper or lower eyelid.

Raghunathji is the chief god of the valley.

Before evening descended, we had reached Sirka.

The person who puts camphor-mixed oil of mustard on their head, their energy becomes strong.

The flexibility and tenderness of the skin slowly begin to become less due to sunburn.

The student tries to sit very near to the blackboard in the classroom.

In a period of less than few decades, this value of 'E' manifested so horrifically that the whole world was shaken by this.

It is anxiety only because of which man is always sad and is unable to live the way he wishes; hence, keep yourself away from that company who compels us to get into a habit of something, and in its imprisonment, it starts destroying us.

You can reach every corner of the city with Singapore's modern public transportation system.

So possibilities of injury remain.

He has increased the amount of fruits and vegetables; also, he only likes to eat low-calorie food.

In luxurious hotels, neither the floor is invisible nor the sky.

On the South-East railway on the Katni-Bilaspur railway, Pendra Road and Shahdol are the serene railway stations.

Because Gandhisangh made it, that's why this name has been given to it.

At a distance of two kilometers from Harsil lies a group of seven ponds near Dharali.

Among those, the 'Zemu Glacier' is the main trekking route.

Head researcher Scott has said in a study published in a prominent journal of the science world, 'Sale,' that by this, the chances of mosquitoes infecting humans will diminish.

Old and aged, children, everyone is suffering from various types of mental tension and are coming under the captivities of psychological disorders.

King Manabhanga has the credit of building the temples like Kalika Mata Sun Temple, the nearby Tamdaga, and Tripuravijaya Prasada, etc.

This is true that for growing and for working, you need strength.

It is attempted to change the traditional system through mass communication.

Beginning from the neck, bring it outside till the shoulders.

The patient gets tortured by the fear of physical deformity, and the chances of the disease appearing again never cease when the life is saved on late detection at the increase in the seriousness of the surgery.

After the surgery, just like before, there is ejaculation only; there are no sperms in these.

The double on Wheels is a journey worthy of kings.

Her fitness mantra is to eat everything, but burn calories in the gym.

I am very poor.

Its main entrance is a sea door.

According to Dr. Somnath Gupta, among these entertainers having a relation to Hindi, probably Raasleela is the most ancient.

Gun-Galuut Nature Reserve is truly the marvelous combination of mountains, steppes, tertiary oaks, rivers, and wetlands with its famous rare wildlife species.

Ramgarh cantonment is surrounded by coal mining regions such as Rajrappa, Sayal, and Giddi.

Conclusively, you can say that diabetes generated kidney disease is the main cause of kidney failure.

Trouble of gas occurs a lot by eating oatmeal, black lentils, cauliflower, coleslaw.

In angina, sandalwood, neroli, ylang-ylang, claridges, and myrrh ease the heart calm, balanced, and collected.

This bleaching agent neither bleaches the skin nor does it lighten the complexion.

The top of Dulhadev Temple is built with chariots of three lines of small tops.

Which creates permanent damage to the heart muscles, because of which that portion becomes dead-like and brings growth in the heart.

Diseases of the brain, jaundice, cysts in the brain, fatigue, hysteria, other diseases - like rheumatism, diphtheria, diabetes, having less food else fasting, etc., are common causes of Bradycardia.

While walking or during drinking, you start feeling faint.

Imagine this box for a limited period, but not for more than twelve hours.

Find an excuse to laugh.

Royal and Army insignias abound in these long, lonesome stretches which have a beauty and charm of their own, which impart a special ethereal quality to this Honeymoon Destination in India for the utility of honeymooners in India and abroad.

Jhansi is directly linked to all major railway stations of the nation.

In some big hotels like Hyatt Regency, Maurya Sheraton, the Oberoi Hotel, and the Ashok Hotel, art exhibitions are regularly put on.

If the nursery has to be prepared in the moist farm, then spread medicated seeds on the plain tough ground in the shadow and cover it with wet jute bags.

The temple of Chamunda Devi is situated on the bank of the Ban-Ganga.

The fare of this jeep for coming to Kandhavgarh is about 15 to 20 rupees.

The incomparable beauty of the healthy climate here, charming valleys, attractive waterfalls, stunning summits, charming gardens, and unique flower plants is only understood on seeing.

Researchers are now engaged in finding out many other molecular changes related to heart attacks.

West Street is the oldest street in Yangshuo, with a history of more than 1,400 years.

Sonu was the host of this show.

This variety is reflected in the food, architecture, music, and culture of Brazil.

When the teeth get rotten very deep inside the root, then the dentist does its root canal.

Nagar has been the capital of Kullu kings for about 100 years.

On drinking water immediately after eating, digestion gets affected, indigestion occurs, and cough forms.

Keep it in the sun after drying its internal moisture properly and closing it by properly putting the cap on.

Actually, those who are not familiar with the duties of Shahik's of the ancient age often think this is problematic.

Here are four idols of Buddha, which are of the fifth-eighth century AD.

Parvati Temple can be easily reached through an auto-rickshaw.

It is said that at one point in time, Mother Sita had done penance here.

With a little help, with a nice behavior, you can leave your indelible mark on everyone.

There, he has no restriction, but at present, in villages also, a lack of a healthy life is visible due to uneducation and addiction.

In contemporary times, rapidity has come in the spread of breast cancer due to changes in social and lifestyle habits.

Safe composition favorable to unseasonal vegetables like a low tunnel and poly house, etc., can reap two to three times more yield than traditional farming.

Yes, the wife is of course supportive, who to increase the income of the household has opened a beauty parlor in the backyard of the house.

But if someone says, "Let's go to Padmasambhava Lake," then it won't be known, but if it is said that "Let's go to Rewalsar Lake," then it will work.

In indigestion, one may get relief by drinking one gram each of black pepper and white rock salt mixed in ten grams of sap of wood-apple leaves.

On the question of the division of the country, on 3rd June 1947, speeches of Lord Mountbatten, Jawaharlal Nehru, and Liyakat Ali Jinnah were broadcasted.

In a strawberry plant growing to the height of four inches, fruits grow in the form of bunches, which become a deep red color on ripening.

Hence, botrytis (2 gm/liter water) should be sprayed in time to prevent them.

We reached straight to the casino from the inside of our hotel itself, through attractive escalators (automatic stairs).

Apart from natural scenery, people come to see the sunrise and sunset in Netarhat hill station.

In case of emergency or in case of need, the sun-charged glycerine could be brought into use only fifteen to twenty days after preparation.

The month of November is appropriate for paragliding in Bir-Billing.

By walking barefoot, there surely stays a chance of getting injured, rather extreme pressure is exerted on the feet due to the absence of support from shoes.

In the beginning, you give 1/4 glucose to the child; later, the mother should breastfeed the child again and again in 1-2 hours.

The moment the name of fountains crops up, we recall the famous 'Fontana de Trevi'.

Mainly two insects attack black pepper: - (1) Pollu-fleas beetle (2) Apex shots borer.

Your ears are priceless; protect them.

Some tourists catch fish in Kaziranga.

This is a place settled amidst mountains, where five-starred hotels to no-star guest houses are eager to receive you.

In headache of this kind, the water of a sun-warmed blue bottle prepared by sun rays and chromotherapy should be taken thrice a day in equal quantities.

In contrast, a speculator has a deep understanding of the market and the various factors that are influencing it.

Worry, anger, greed, excitement, and tension produce chaos in the organs and nerves of our body, because of which many kinds of ailments occur in our blood vessels.

Our connection is with the social sciences.

In some regions cultivating millets, like the Dindori division of Madhya Pradesh, it rains approximately 1400 to 1600 mm.

The society wants to attract students and natural scientists in a special way in this work.

If a lipid profile is normal at the age of 20 years, then after five years, its inspection can be done again.

But most of the paddy plants are prepared first in beds, and then they are plucked and planted in the fields specially prepared.

On applying this surma with a probe in the eyes, cataracts end in a week.

Besides ghee, applying the juice of mint leaves also helps gradually removing dark circles.

The agricultural system is in hot and wet tropical regions where there are high temperatures throughout the year; fields are prepared by first selecting the region on the borders of the forest and then burning it by fire.

One should not heat it after applying arnica; boils may appear.

The path of the new area examined is the ascent of agriculture and developmental research has commenced.

The measurement of intelligence is less than 70, and both these problems start affecting the person from the age of 18 years only.

He marked the old Banyan.

One goodness of this method is that the person does not have to stay admitted to the hospital.

The history of aromatherapy is very old.

After excrement, zinc ointment should be put inside the anus with the fingers.

Water with goodness knows how much depth, innumerable colors, and heights keeps on kissing it with its waves throughout life.

Otherwise, many times the situation can be such that the tooth does not grow out again.

The time of ablution and prayer in Hastinapur is from 8 o'clock in the morning to 5 o'clock in the evening.

Cedar has the power to reduce cholesterol; therefore, it is a boon for heart patients.

This work is of value in the body.

The main item here is the Royal Rajasthan on Wheels.

As a result, the chance of growth of hernia at that place becomes very high.

There are two aspects of his language - (1) a simple literary language, (2) a Sanskritized difficult language.

Our body is formed by combining with cells; when we perform some task, our energy gets over, and our cells also break.

The Vaishno Devi Temple is located at a distance of 4 km from Kullu.

For Jatashankar, one needs to go to a cave pretty below by walking in the middle of large rocks and hilly roads.

Tibetan traders are in great numbers in the bazaar, who make items related to Tibetan art and culture and foreign goods available in abundance.

A direct line from the Prayag Station of Allahabad goes to Banaras Cantonment through Kashi.

In 1954, Surinam, with the Netherlands Antilles, became an autonomous region within the Kingdom of The Netherlands.

Humane qualities like kindness, compassion, empathy, love, affinity, and devotion tend to end by eating meat.

Juniper oil is clean, colorless, or yellow-green liquid.

By wearing a loincloth, the manner of holding of a stick determines whether a character becomes a king or mendicant, a learned man or farmer, minister or soldier.

Fly into Teresina, the capital of the state of Piauí, and from there to Parnaíba, the drive is 220 miles, followed by a 4-hour boat ride to Caju Island.

Besides this, among other tourist attractions of Daman are Bom Jesus Church, Our Lady of the Church, Our Lady of Remedios's Church, Pargol Garden, Amusement Park, Damanganga Tourist Complex, Kachigam, Satya Sagar Udyan, Mirasol Garden, Mirasol Water Park, etc.

While inaugurating the fair,
